Expand on Next.js crons note (#7950)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/crons/setup/javascript.nextjs.mdx

## Automatic Check-Ins (Vercel Only)

> If you are hosting your Next.js application on Vercel and you are using [Vercel's Cron Jobs feature](https://vercel.com/docs/cron-jobs), the Next.js SDK will automatically create Check-Ins for you. The Next.js SDK will add cron instrumentation for every cron job defined in your `vercel.json` `crons` field by adding instrumentation at runtime.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are hosting your Next.js application on Vercel and you are using [Vercel's Cron Jobs feature](https://vercel.com/docs/cron-jobs), the Next.js SDK will automatically create Check-Ins for you. Instrumented cron jobs are decided at runtime by examining the `crons` field in your `vercel.json` file.
```
